NARRATOR: Intense battle action
is a hallmark of
the Kalos League
After many hard‐fought battles,
Ash has managed to make
it to the semifinal round
and Goodra has rejoined his
team for the Full Battle ahead!
NARRATOR:
Now, with a six‐Pokémon lineup,
Ash is about to
fulfill a promise
and face off against
his rival Sawyer!
CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
RHYPERIOR: [PAINED]
REMO: Rhypo, NO!
RHYPERIOR: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Rhyperior is unable to
battle! Charizard is the winner!
ANNOUNCER: And Remo's
Rhyperior is defeated,
leaving him with
one Pokémon left!
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's crunch time!
ASH: Wow!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: So strong!
CLEMONT: In all of
Alain's battles up until now,
he's only used
Metagross and Charizard.
CLEMONT: His strength is
still as incalculable as ever.
SERENA: Right.
ALAIN: Now, if I win
this battle Next stop?
The final round! Got it?
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
REMO: This Pokémon will
beat them all! Go, Garchoo!
GARCHOMP: [APPEARING]
REMO: Ever since we
lost to you the last time,
we've trained and pushed
ourselves to the limit!
REMO: Day after day,
all we could think
about was defeating you.
REMO: You're about to see the
results of that hard training!
Prepare for a SHOCK!
REMO:
Now, Garchoo GO! Mega Evolve!
GARCHOMP: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
ANNOUNCER: What a sight!
Garchomp has Mega Evolved!
Remo means business!
REMO: Now. Watch and learn!
Garchoo, Draco Meteor!
MEGA GARCHOMP:
[DRACO METEOR MOVE]
ALAIN: Dodge it!
CHARIZARD: [JUMPING]
CHARIZARD: [DODGING]
CHARIZARD: [PAINED]
REMO: You must admit
that's one powerful move!
ALAIN: Respond to my heart!
Now, Key Stone!
Beyond Evolution! Mega Evolve!
CHARIZARD: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
ANNOUNCER: Out of this world!
Alain's Charizard
has Mega Evolved, too!
It's a clash of dueling
Mega‐Evolved Pokémon!
MEGA CHARIZARD/ MEGA GARCHOMP:
[GROWLING]
REMO: That's what I like to see!
Now, Garchoo, Dragon Rush!
MEGA GARCHOMP:
[DRAGON RUSH MOVE]
ALAIN: Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
MEGA GARCHOMP:
[EXERTION] [GROWLING]
ALAIN: Charizard, throw it!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [GROWLING]
‐REMO: Oh, no!
‐ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [PAINED]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [DIVING]
ALAIN/REMO: DRAGON CLAW!
MEGA GARCHOMP, MEGA CHARIZARD:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
REMO: Garchoo!
MEGA GARCHOMP: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Garchomp is unable
to battle! Charizard wins!
The winner is Alain!
ANNOUNCER: He did it!
It's Alain who will
advance to the final round!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [LANDING]
CHARIZARD: [ROARING]
PIKACHU: [IMPRESSED]
ALAIN: That was
great battling, Charizard!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH: All right,
it's time to battle Sawyer.
PIKACHU/GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/
NOIVERN/HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: I know I've made mistakes.
You're still with me.
And that means a lot.
You're the best team ever!
ASH: I believe in you
more than I can say!
PIKACHU/GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/
NOIVERN/HAWLUCHA/GOODRA: [HAPPY]
NOIVERN: [ENCOURAGING]
ASH:
Let's win this thing! Together!
PIKACHU/GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/
NOIVERN/HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: It's finally time.
BONNIE: Ash's battling Sawyer
I'm getting kind of nervous.
SHAUNA: Clemont,
didn't you tell me
Ash lost to Sawyer a while back?
CLEMONT:
I did. Never count Sawyer out!
TIERNO: Wait till you see this.
Their battling
styles are different
still, he reminds me of Ash.
TIERNO: It's like the
same sort of battle vibe
is inside both of them.
TREVOR: Wow. You think so?
CLEMONT: Sawyer's been
analyzing Ash's style
in order to catch up to him.
I would say that's exactly what
you're referring to, Tierno.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Interesting,
a match between a
Trainer like Ash,
who battles with passion,
and Sawyer,
who operates using
cool and calm analysis
DIANTHA: In a way,
they're exact opposites.
I'm really looking forward
to seeing what kind
of battle this will be.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Yeah.
ANNOUNCER: Now! The second
battle of the semifinal round,
and our Trainers are
making their entrances!
TIERNO: All right, Ash! Win it!
BONNIE: You can do it!
CHESPIN: [CHEERING]
MALVA:
Get a shot of their faces first!
JAMES: Post‐haste!
JESSIE: I'm just too tired
to take head shots of a
completely clueless Twerp!
JESSIE: We should be
filming my radiant beauty.
MEOWTH: Chin up.
Just a little more stuff.
This is the last battle
of the livelong day.
JESSIE: Ohh!!
SAWYER: It's time.
SAWYER: I'll be waiting for you.
ASH: Yeah.
SAWYER: It's all gonna work out.
The person I admire so
much will win in the end.
And I'll be waiting.
SAWYER: I wanna beat Ash.
I've just gotta beat him!
And I will.
ASH:
All right. Bring it on.
This one's mine.
ANNOUNCER:
And now for the battlefield
ANNOUNCER: It's a forest!
REFEREE: Ash versus Sawyer!
Competing head‐to‐head in
our next semifinal battle!
REFEREE: Each Trainer will
have the use of six Pokémon,
and substitutions are allowed.
REFEREE: When all six of
either Trainer's Pokémon
are unable to continue,
the battle will be over!
REFEREE: When three Pokémon on
one side are unable to continue,
the battlefield will change.
REFEREE: Trainers, begin!
ASH: Hawlucha, I choose you!
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
HAWLUCHA: [JUMPING]
HAWLUCHA: [CONFIDENT]
CLEMONT: Hawlucha?
BONNIE: It looks different.
CLEMONT: Wow, you're right
SERENA: See, yesterday
SERENA: What's wrong, Hawlucha?
HAWLUCHA: [DEMONSTRATING]
HAWLUCHA: [PROUD]
HAWLUCHA: [CHALLENGING]
CLEMONT: That's dramatic!
SERENA:
You need to make an entrance
like the Forest Champion.
That's important!
BONNIE: Yeah!
BONNIE: All right,
Hawlucha, looking good!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
HAWLUCHA: [SHOUTING]
SAWYER: So, Hawlucha's gonna
be your first Pokémon, huh?
ASH:
Yeah, we go with Hawlucha first!
HAWLUCHA: [AGREEMENT]
SAWYER:
Then I'm gonna use Slaking!
SLAKING: [YAWNING]
BONNIE: It's so cute!
POKEDEX:
Slaking. The Lazy Pokémon.
Slaking lies down
most of the time.
It gets up and moves only when
there is no more
grass close by to eat.
BONNIE: I wanna hug!
TIERNO: That's a Slaking
CLEMONT:
Slaking has quite a disadvantage
against Hawlucha, though.
I wonder what Sawyer's planning
REFEREE:
All right, battle begin!
ASH: Let's go, Hawlucha!
Make the first move!
Use Karate Chop!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [CHALLENGING]
SLAKING: [YAWNING]
HAWLUCHA: [SURPRISED]
ASH: Now use High Jump Kick!
HAWLUCHA: [JUMPING]
HAWLUCHA: [HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [CHALLENGING]
ANNOUNCER: Really?
While Hawlucha
aggressively attacks,
Slaking's doing nothing at all!
ASH: Use X‐Scissor!
HAWLUCHA: [X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [FRUSTRATED]
CLEMONT: Whenever
Hawlucha's having a battle,
it usually gets worked up by
trading blows with its opponent.
But if its
opponent doesn't move
SERENA: Things get difficult.
TIERNO: Just keep attacking!
If it's not gonna move,
you'll eventually win the match!
ASH: Now, Karate Chop!
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
SLAKING: [YAWNING]
ASH:
Hawlucha, use Karate Chop again!
HAWLUCHA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HAWLUCHA: [KARATE CHOP MOVE]
ANNOUNCER: Hawlucha
unleashes fierce attacks!
Slaking must be feeling that!
HAWLUCHA: [PLEASED]
ANNOUNCER: Slaking is unfazed!
TIERNO: I think
Slaking's just acting tough.
BONNIE: Tough? What do you mean?
SAWYER:
Now, Slaking, use Slack Off!
SLAKING: [SLACK OFF MOVE]
CLEMONT: Right now?!
CLEMONT:
Slack Off is a move that
allows the user to recover
its strength simply by relaxing!
TREVOR: Even so, if Slaking
keeps on taking hits like that,
it will eventually lose.
SERENA: I wonder what
Sawyer's strategy is.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE, ACT
BREAK: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"It's Slaking!"
ASH: No doubt about it.
Sawyer's got something
up his sleeve.
If so, I've gotta beat
him before he acts on it!
ASH: High Jump Kick, go!
HAWLUCHA: [HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
ASH: Now use X‐Scissor!
HAWLUCHA: [X‐SCISSOR MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [LANDING]
HAWLUCHA: [SHOCKED]
ASH: All right, Flying Press!
HAWLUCHA: [FLYING PRESS MOVE]
SAWYER:
Slaking, Counter! Let's go!
SLAKING: [COUNTER MOVE]
HAWLUCHA: [PAINED]
ASH: Hawlucha, no!
BONNIE: Hawlucha!
DEDENNE: [WORRIED]
REFEREE:
Hawlucha is unable to battle!
SLAKING: [PLEASED]
REFEREE: Slaking's the winner!
ANNOUNCER: It looked like
Hawlucha had the upper hand,
but in one shot,
it's out of contention!
ASH: Great job. You were
awesome. Now, take a good rest.
So that's what you
were after all along!
SAWYER: I always thought about
using Slaking against Hawlucha.
I knew Hawlucha wouldn't
have such an easy time
if its opponent didn't defend.
ASH: I'm impressed.
You took Hawlucha's battling
style and used it against it.
SERENA: Who would have
thought of such a tactic?
CLEMONT: Looks like Sawyer
thought through his strategies
much more than we anticipated.
ANNOUNCER: Now, who will
be Ash's second Pokémon?
ASH: Talonflame, I choose you!
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
ASH: 'Kay t's do this.
Use Steel Wing!
TALONFLAME: [STEEL WING MOVE]
SAWYER: Slaking, use Slack Off!
SLAKING: [SLACK OFF MOVE]
BONNIE:
Look! It healed itself again!
SERENA:
Maybe they're dragging it out,
so it can win it
again with one attack!
ASH: Slaking's gotta be
feeling Hawlucha's attacks!
ASH: Keep it up!
Use Flame Charge and
don't let Slaking recover!
CLEMONT:
Even if Slack Off works,
it doesn't change the fact
that Slaking has taken damage.
And eventually, that will
be an opportunity to strike!
SAWYER: Use Hammer Arm!
SLAKING:
[HAMMER ARM MOVE]
SLAKING: [COLLAPSE]
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
SLAKING: [HAMMER ARM MOVE]
SLAKING: [PAINED]
ASH: Yess! Use Brave Bird!
TALONFLAME: [BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
SLAKING: [PAINED]
SLAKING: [STUNNED]
REFEREE:
Slaking is unable to battle!
Talonflame's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
And Talonflame gets that win
with a barrage of attacks!
ASH: All right!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SAWYER:
You were amazing, Slaking.
You did exactly what I
was hoping you would do.
SAWYER: Alright Clawitzer,
you're up next. Now Go!
CLAWITZER: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT:
Clawitzer. It's a Water type,
battling Talonflame,
who's a Fire type
TREVOR: He's going by the book.
SAWYER: Clawitzer, use Aqua Jet!
CLAWITZER: [AQUA JET MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, quick!
TALONFLAME: [DODGING]
ASH: It's following Talonflame!
CLAWITZER: [AQUA JET MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [DODGING]
SHAUNA: I had no idea you
can use Aqua Jet like that!
TREVOR: Sawyer's strategies
are out of the box!
TIERNO:
Yeah, kind of reminds me of Ash.
SAWYER: I've been
inspired by your ideas
and trained hard to
think in a different way.
ASH:
Awesome. Talonflame, dive in!
SAWYER: All right!
Clawitzer, use Ice Beam!
CLAWITZER: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: Use your smoking
hot Flame Charge!
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
CLEMONT: Look at the way that
Flame Charge melted the ice!
BONNIE: Yippee!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
SAWYER: Aqua Jet, let's go!
CLAWITZER: [AQUA JET MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [STUNNED]
ASH: Talonflame, no!
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
REFEREE: Talonflame is unable to
battle! Clawitzer's the winner!
ANNOUNCER: And Clawitzer comes
out on top in an aerial battle!
ASH: Thanks a lot, Talonflame.
SAWYER: Talonflame's
best known for its speed.
If I could make it stop just for
a moment, I knew we could win.
JESSIE: What do you know?
The Twerp's looking
rather twerpish.
JAMES: The pressure's on.
MEOWTH:
You think he's gonna lose?
JESSIE: For some strange
reason that stinks.
CLEMONT: It feels
like everything is going
according to the way Sawyer
planned it from the beginning.
SERENA: It seems that way.
Sawyer really has
Ash all figured out.
CLEMONT: Yeah.
CLEMONT: Like Sawyer's
taken everything he's learned
from Ash to heart.
CLEMONT:
All his hard work is paying off.
SERENA: Know what?
Ash isn't going to lose.
SERENA: Nobody could ever
duplicate the Ash we all know.
ASH: Let's see
ASH:
'Kay, P hu, I choose you!
PIKACHU: [CHALLENGING]
ANNOUNCER:
And there's Ash's third Pokémon!
SAWYER:
So now it's time for Pikachu
BONNIE: Go for it, Pikachu!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
CHESPIN: [CHEERING]
ASH: It's all up to you, buddy!
Use the forest for cover.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE] [RUNNING]
ANNOUNCER:
Pikachu makes the first move!
Such incredible speed!
Is this what it means
to be lightning fast?
ASH: All right,
Thunderbolt, let's go!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SAWYER: Dodge it, quick!
CLAWITZER: [DODGING]
BONNIE: It dodged it!
CLEMONT: It's not over yet
ASH: Use Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
SAWYER: Dodge it, Clawitzer!
CLAWITZER: [DODGING]
PIKACHU: [FRUSTRATED]
SAWYER: Use Ice Beam!
CLAWITZER: [ICE BEAM ATTACK]
ASH: Dodge that!
PIKACHU: [DODGING]
ASH: Use Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
SAWYER: Clawitzer, Dragon Pulse!
CLAWITZER: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
CLAWITZER: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ANNOUNCER: Neither of
them are backing down
in this close battle!
SAWYER:
We really need to beat Pikachu.
That will give us
a huge advantage.
All right,
Clawitzer, use Aqua Jet!
CLAWITZER: [AQUA JET MOVE]
ASH: Into the forest!
PIKACHU: [DODGING] [JUMPING]
CLAWITZER: [LANDING] [LOOKING]
ASH: And now use Iron Tail!
PIKACHU:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [IRON TAIL MOVE]
SAWYER: Hurry and clamp it!
CLAWITZER: [DETERMINED]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
PIKACHU: [OUTRAGED]
ANNOUNCER: Clawitzer has
Pikachu in its grasp!
SAWYER: Now, stay right
there and use Water Pulse!
CLAWITZER: [WATER PULSE MOVE]
ASH: Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
CLAWITZER: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Now use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
CLAWITZER: [PANICKING] [PAINED]
SAWYER: Clawitzer!
CLAWITZER: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Clawitzer is unable
to battle! Pikachu's the winner!
ASH: All right!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Wow, Pikachu
and Ash won! Yippee!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SERENA:
Now it's two against two!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Marvelous!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Such an
intriguing battle between them.
One to remember!
DIANTHA:There is such a strong
bond
bond of trust between both
Trainers and their Pokémon
SAWYER:
You were great, Clawitzer.
SAWYER: Now this
is what
SAWYER: I expect
from a battle with Ash!
SAWYER: I'm glad you're back!
You're the guy I look up to.
SAWYER: Ash, you never fail to
surprise me every single time!
ASH:
Well, that was close, too close.
It's 'cause of
Pikachu that we won.
PIKACHU: [PLEASED]
ASH: So, what Pokémon
are you gonna use next, huh?
SAWYER:
All right, Aegislash time!
AEGISLASH: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: Sawyer's third
Pokémon is Aegislash!
TIERNO: Aegislash, huh?
I wonder how Ash is going
to get past its King's Shield?
ASH:
Let's make it happen, buddy!
Get on back into the forest!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
[RUNNING] [JUMPING]
PIKACHU: [JUMPING]
SAWYER:
Aegislash! Use Sacred Sword!
AEGISLASH: [SACRED SWORD MOVE]
PIKACHU: [JUMPING]
PIKACHU: [LANDING] [QUESTIONING]
AEGISLASH: [SACRED SWORD MOVE]
PIKACHU: [RUNNING] [QUESTIONING]
SHAUNA: What's going on?
TREVOR: I'm not quite sure.
CLEMONT: Anything can
happen at this point.
Sawyer is serious
about winning this.
Be careful, Ash Be careful.
PIKACHU: [WATCHING]
NARRATOR:
What will be the next move
in Ash and Sawyer's long‐awaited
battle? How will it be resolved?
And who will
advance to the finals?
More answers to come, as the
Kalos League journey continues!